{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red242\green242\blue242;\red254\green254\blue255;\red170\green13\blue145;
\red63\green110\blue116;\red92\green38\blue153;\red104\green26\blue29;\red235\green236\blue237;\red36\green38\blue41;
\red13\green0\blue129;\red37\green127\blue159;\red46\green13\blue110;}
\margl720\margr720\margb720\margt720\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\fs36 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
0. \
UI Ready. \
1. \
Get current location to display. \
Location implemented, but should be passed to Dark Sky Api, installing Alamofire.\
(Couldn't install Alamofire 4.3. Problem was - pod update (to updates cocoaPods))\
2. \
Create file for constants. Build a link for current weather. \
Take daily data, take its summary and percepProbab. Icon take from 'icon'. \
API doesn't provide the location name. But we do have coordinates. -> we can use MapKit and its CLGeocoder. \
Where would we add that method? In Location class. Done. \
3.\
problem: cant get location name and assigned it to locationLbl. Read SO answer. \
\
Maybe create a completionHandler in 'getLocationName( )' and inside of it set the currentCity. \
How do we declare a completion handler, so we can call getLocationName( completion handler ) in FeedVC . \
\
Task: updateUI( ) in ViewController, only when completionHandler in Location is finished running: \
Solution: \
we declared:  getLocationName(completionHandler: @escaping (_ success: BOOL) -> Void ) \{   \}\
That is a declaration, in FeedVC we will use an implementation. \
Inside of the getLocationName, inside of the reverseGeocodeLocation, we construct that completion handler as completionHandler(false) if we didn't get any placemarks, completionHandler(true) if everything went fine and we got location name. \
Now, we want to implement getLocationName in FeedVC. We call for it ....getLocationName\{(success) in .... \} in FeedVC. \
\
The idea of completionHandlers: \
We declared a func with a completion handler. \
Then,  we are using it somewhere. Usually, with regular func arguments we would construct those arg outside of the func call, and then pass those arg to a func. \
With completion handler, the constructing coming from the func declaration. We declare different values of completion handler inside of the func declaration. \
So, when we actually call the func, we can test different values of completion handler, because it was already set. \
4.\
Start parsing JSON data. \
Strip down the lat/long from "Optional". \
Simply added "!" at the end, when calling "Location.sharedInstance.currentLatitude!"\
\
Parsing JSON. \
Keep track, when we have a 1 dictionary of key value pairs, and when we have an array of many dictionaries. \
When parsing JSON file, when typing "dataDict[0]["summary"]" we get into first element of the dataDict array and then we get into that first element and get whatever is under "summary" key. \
get the "icon" to set our icons. \
get the "PrecipProbabilty"\
get the current temp. Done. \
Exclude some info from response by including blocks. Done. \
5. \
How to set different icons. \
We need to know all types of icons that come from API. Then call those names our icon. \
Found: c
\f2\fs30 \cb2 lear-day
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 clear-night
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 rain
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 snow
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 sleet
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 wind
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 fog
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 cloudy
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 partly-cloudy-day
\f0\fs36 \cb3 , or 
\f2\fs30 \cb2 partly-cloudy-night
\f0\fs36 \cb3 .
\f1 \cb1 \
Done. \
6. \
Create CoreData file with images. \
Rotate them based on temperature categories. \
Instead, will save them in xcassets. \
In FeedVC, in updateUI, will call currentOutfitImg.img = UIImage(named: currentWather.outfitForWeather )\
For that, - new property of currentWeather = outfitForWeather. \
Done. \
\
Create icon, screenshots, description. Submit to the AppStore. \
\
Bugs: \
Make it work on simulator( need it for screenshots)\
Fix the gradient width. (Check LNCH, why this shit is short? GradientView doesn't have fixed width)\
\
\
\
\
v2.0 \
\
1. Add keyboard cocoapod. Done. \
2. Draw lines to separate "or log in".\
Add UIView to the LogInVC. Set it in LogInVC. Done. \
3. \
Add Firebase/Facebook login. (consult the SocialApp)\
In SocialApp, he implements func to immideatelly login with FB, if success, login with Firebase. \
Will do the same - sign up and login - are on the same screen. \
Set up Firebase. \
finish redesign LogIn Sketch.Done \
Implement same logic of signIn fields as in SocialApp. \
Create DataService file, implement keyChain logic, fix signInBtn and fbBtn accordingly. Done. \
In StoryBoard connect to the "createUserVC" or "feedVC", name segue, initiate it. (when sign in is finished)\
\
The login logic: \
- enter credentials. Press "Sign In" \
- Firebase signIn. If no error - func completeSingIn. If error - createNewUser, then completeSignIn. \
- In completeSignIn, some weird method ".ds.createFirebaseDBUser" that Updates the values at the specified paths in the dictionary without overwriting other keys at this location.\
- Then,  we save user's uid to the keychain. Perform segue to "createUsernameVC"\
(what's happening then? some checks with usernpic and usernames)\
4. \
Create new VC, set underlines. Done. \
Set up gender picker. Done. \
Set up userpic picker. Done. \
Set up "Save" btn, show this VC. Done. \
Seve username, gender and userpic to Firebase. \
	Save gender to Firebase\
		Bug: Include messege "pass should be 6 char long"\
\
	Note: If i need to test some value from Firebase, it comes as NSNull . It is not a String, so we can't simply check for "nil". 	Therefore, when declering a var for that data, we should cast it with "as? String":\
\pard\tx692\pardeftab692\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0                 \cf4 let\cf0  snapshotValue = snapshot.\cf5 value\cf0  \cf4 as\cf0 ? \cf6 String\
				\cf4 if\cf0  snapshotValue == \cf4 nil ... \
	
\f1\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 	\
Problem: when loading "createUsernameVC" in viewWillAppear check if we have a userpic. If yes, load it. Done.\
How to load userpic from Firebase database from picurl ? Done. \
Need to make a check if avatarURL is nil. Done. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5.\
Make feedVC - a UITableView. Current View should stay with temp data laying over.  \
	If containerView transparent on top of TableView, how will it receive touch events? - Simply by unchecking "User interaction enabled". But I switched to a different design. \
6.\
Create a custom cell class that will has post pic, userpic, username, like btn, flag btn. \
7.\
Make source of that feed - array that is created and populated from Firebase when feedVC first loads.\
8.\
Create a  makePostVC that will create posts and submits them to Firebase. \
	Whats happening after pressing snap btn? segue to a VC where we add emoji. \
	(This whole step is done in ImagePicker. Reverse engineer it. ) Done with AAPLCameraVC (from DevChat App)\
	Create swipe gesture to transition to PostPicVC. Tutorial: ( http://www.appcoda.com/custom-segue-animations/ )\
	Article: Usage of custom animator instead of custom segue for VC within NavigationController:  http://netsplit.com/custom-ios-segues-transitions-and-animations-the-right-way\
	Problem "
\f3\fs26 \cf7 \cb8 Could not create a segue of class '\cf9 (\cf10 null\cf9 )
\f1\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 ". Solution: when creating segue in the IB, cntrl drag from VC to VC. In the pop up, don't pick custom segue classes (although logical), pick "custom". \
	 - Why did I put buttons in the separate view in EmojiVC? Why couldn't i stick them on top of regular ImageView? \
\
9.\
Create Firebase test data to load the feed. Done. \
10.\
Enable swipe to the right to see that VC. Done. \
\
11.\
Enable likes btns and count. \
	Need to create like icon with colored heart. Done. \
	Like Logic: \
Like logic is present in 3 places: \
- in PostCell in "configureCell" when doing initial setup. We access current user's likes value (true or no value(false)) and set the color. \
- in PostCell we have func "likeTapped". First, it also gets into current user's likes value. If nothing there, change image, add like, set value to "true". If there is value already ("true"), image to "no heart", subtract one like from count, remove value. \
(i think removing doesn't work, it adds up.) yep. Solved. Done. \
- in model's Post, there is func "adjustLikes" that actually performs the action. \
\
12. \
Enable Flash. \
 - in AAPLCameraViewController we have global method called "setFlashMode: forDevices". \
 - tracking down "flashMode" and we find enum "AVCaptureFlashMode"\
 - Done. Found on SO simple func that used AVFoundation. \
\
13.\
Enable pick from photo lib. \
	- in "didFinishPickingMedia" we dismissed the pickerView. Then we had to specify which segue should be performed.\
	- Already had "emojiVC" segue. So we had "prepareForSegue" func. Had to implement "if" condition. \
	- Problem: pickerView couldn't disappear. Solved: had to use "dismiss" func beside regular "perform segue".\
	- Problem: even after "dismiss pickerView" and "perform segue" still didn't get "emojiVC" to appear. Solved: turns out, because picker view was busy diapearing with animation, emojiVC didn't have a chance to appear. Therefore, in "didFinishPickingMedia" implemented a 1 second delay. During that second, pickerView successfully disappeared. \
\
14. \
EmojiVC should slide from the side. Custom segue. Done. (simply by assigning regular push segue to our custom "swipeToLeftSegue" segue) \
\
15. \
Creating userVC. \
	- set up custom cell class. Give it uiimageView. In IB specify custom class name. Create 'configureCell' class. \
	- got all images in one array. But instead, need to sort somehow array of Dictionaries. Use statement "if-else"\
	\
	- i can get specific child content by:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf9 \cb8     \cf10 let\cf9  user = \cf11 FIRAuth\cf9 .auth()?.currentUser\
    \cf10 ref\cf9  = \cf11 FIRDatabase\cf9 .database().reference()\
    handle = \cf10 ref\cf9 ?.child(\cf7 "Kullan\uc0\u305 c\u305 "\cf9 ).child((user?.uid)!).child(\cf7 "avatarUrl"\cf9 ).observe(.value, \cf10 with\cf9 : \{ (snapshot) \cf10 in \
\
	\})\
\cf9 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 	\
	try to build a new call from FB getting data only from specified user. \
	i can't make a .child(  ).child( ) pattern, because each of my posts are titled with a random string. Instead, maybe i will call them based on user ID? - in emojiVC, in func postToFB. Do that unless there is another way of getting posts out based on user UID. \
Done. \
16. \
Create a userVC that show userpic, name, looks/following/followers count. All user's posts in a collectionView. Done. \
Edit button for user info, load editUserVC. Done.\
17. \
How to add emoji stickers to photos (in makePostVC)? \
	tutorial: dragging/pinching/panning image views(stickers, emoji) - https://www.raywenderlich.com/76020/using-uigesturerecognizer-with-swift-tutorial\
	tutorial: show custom view (in same VC), on press of a button - https://www.thorntech.com/2016/03/ios-tutorial-make-interactive-slide-menu-swift/\
\
18. \
How to add more than 1 sticker? \
	Question: When choosing to add more emoticons, need to somehow save the existent emoticon. \
	Solution: In EmojiVC, create an array of images. After each visit to EmojiCollectionVC, add stickers to that array. \
	in ViewDidLoad of EmojiVC, create ImageViews out of objects from array. \
	Question: how to save array of images after going to EmojiCollectionVC? \
	Solution: pass it in prepareForSegue back and forth. \
	Problem: since i made custom handleRotate and handlePinch, - emojiView isn't transforming. How to access subviews of the main view from gesture recognizer? \
	Solution: first getting the gesture point out of the main view. Then, creating that subview with "hitTest". \
	Problem: i'm storing images, and building imageViews in EmojiVC. But I'm losing location and frames of old emojis. Is it possible to store ImageViews? \
	I can filter all subviews based on their class: 
\f3\fs26 \cf10 \cb8 let\cf9  myViews = view.subviews.filter\{$0 \cf10 is\cf9  \cf11 MyButtonClass\cf9 \}
\f1\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
	I can create those imageViews with a tag, then get views only with that tag: 
\f3\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 let\cf0  emojiView = \cf6 UIImageView\cf0 (image: emoji).\cf12 viewWithTag\cf0 (\cf5 n\cf0 )\

\f1\fs36 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
	Prob: UIImageView is not created in EmojiVC //
\f3\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 let\cf0  emojiView = \cf6 UIImageView\cf0 (image: emoji).\cf12 viewWithTag\cf0 (\cf5 n\cf0 )\

\f1\fs36 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 	Sol: .viewWithTag( ) - doesn't create UIView, it retrives a view with a tag. Tag is set as "emoji.tag = n"\
	\
	Prob: cant get EmojiCollectionVC array with UImageViews. \
	Sol: was adding UImageViews in func 'viewDidDisappear'/'viewWillDisapear'. But that func is called after the 'prepareForSegue' func, and after the 'viewDidLoad' func in the EmojiVC. Added the code to 'prepareForSegue' func now it works. \
\
	Prob: was adding stickers again and again, together with imageViews. \
	Sol: before looping/adding new image in EmojiVC, in viewDidLoad, checking if the main view already has that image with that tag. \
\
	Prob: pinching and rotating now affects the main controls. \
	Sol: (unsolved)\
\
	Prob: was loading FeedVC twice. Because I had 3 if statements with closures. When one finished getting data, another was called. So func performSegue was called even after FeedVC appeared. \
	Sol: put all 'if' statement inside each other to be consecutive. Added "return" once "performForSegue" was called once. \
\
19. \
How to save user pics together with emoticons without other UI elements. \
  	I restructure view hierarchy according to SO suggestion: 	   view\
		view with img +emoticons\
		view wth UI. \
	Now, when building UIGraphics context, I use viewWithImg+emoticons.bounds.size. \
	Works. \
\
\
20. \
How to show only local posts? and only for today. \
	- Get user current location - he's already getting it for the weather api. \
	- Based on that data - make a query to Firebase for posts only for that specific area, only today. (or better within couple hours)\
	- So every post should have time and location stamp. \
	- When accessing that data, somehow filter based on those two criterias. \
	(don't delete old posts. Save them for people to see posts by specific user)	\
Will use geoFire. \
\
\
\
How to flag posts as "not a looks". \
\
How to mix in posts from SkirtTeam into all users feed? \
\
Google: Update UI only when finished returning from FB. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}